dried beans prepare them and cook them
confirm them I had placed in the bathroom or 250 g
of giant cannellini beans and how
see I put plenty of water and there
let's stay was all night is
passed to the night our values ​​are
doubled now we have to rinse
the climate of Coriano and then of Sciacca now
then we put the water back and put it back
on the fire
here is the beans now there
rinse under running water
I swear we have made of
let's get back together and remember them by adding
water to our beans must be
abundant I recommend you and now there
let's put back on the century without salt for
an hour when they are cooking
adds refit we would be doing for
another 5 6 minutes and then we give ourselves flame
moderate
here we have lit the fire and the
flame and moderate, I recommend now
let's put our old we don't close
it was entirely noticed that the bully is
comes out and let's go so I have
at least for us we taste an e
however consider themselves and they are softer
less soft so we always taste
when they are cooked we add the salt
let him go 35 minutes and then
we close it so we can keep them
once cooled and freeze them in the
case now that they want to lower the
flame and cover and let go
our beans are barrels now
I add salt
and I give you 34 minutes
maximum we can use these for
make them to the salad to preserve them
containers with their cooking water
and then be able to make them with pasta and so
via condendoli